Add an item-collection-tutorial guide. (#310)
cerner/terra-ui: src/terra-dev-site/guide/CreatingItemCollection.f.guide.mdx

import ResponsiveListandTableExample from '../example/ResponsiveListandTableExample?dev-site-example';
import ResponsiveListandCellGridExample from '../example/ResponsiveListandCellGridExample?dev-site-example';
import ResponsiveListandHtmlTableExample from '../example/ResponsiveListandHtmlTableExample?dev-site-example';

> # Creating Item Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating An Item Collection
```

> 

Author: Addressed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/2f0433b8a6f6fb97139694a22a60e0ad1862bf40?file-filters%5B%5D=.jsx&file-filters%5B%5D=.mdx#diff-b887d62719eff551778a1fc191b08382c949a96aa056b14797bdcf836a34f062R7
Added the definition from item-collection's page.

> Start by making a `ResponsiveElement` that will switch between its two sub-components, a `Table` version of the content when above a certain size and a `List` version of the same content as the default display. In this `ResponsiveElement`, we set 3 attributes. The first is the defaultElement which is just the `List` version of the content. The second is the `responsiveTo` attribute, which determines what the component compares itself to in order to resizes itself, its parent or the window. Terra's `ItemCollection` surrounds its `ResponsiveElement` in a `<div>` tag, and sets `responsiveTo` to `parent`. Finally the breakpoint you want to switch at is defined by setting one of the following attributes: `tiny`, `small`, `medium`, `large`, or `huge` to the `Table` version of the content.

Reviewer: Can we add links to all components that are referenced?

Question, should we recommend creating with a responsive element or flip on a terra-application/breakpoint value themselves like:
```js
import React, { useState, useRef } from 'react';
import { ActiveBreakpointContext } from 'orion-application/lib/breakpoints';

const Example = (props) => {
  const activeBreakpoint = React.useContext(ActiveBreakpointContext);

  switch (activeBreakpoint) {
    case 'tiny':
    case 'small':
    case 'medium':
      return List;
    case 'large':
    case 'huge':
    case 'enormous':
    default:
      return Table;
  }
};

```

Author: Link for components https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/2f0433b8a6f6fb97139694a22a60e0ad1862bf40?file-filters%5B%5D=.jsx&file-filters%5B%5D=.mdx#diff-b887d62719eff551778a1fc191b08382c949a96aa056b14797bdcf836a34f062R9

And swapped to using `ActiveBreakpointContext` for all examples https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/2f0433b8a6f6fb97139694a22a60e0ad1862bf40?file-filters%5B%5D=.jsx&file-filters%5B%5D=.mdx#diff-5bb9914536b23dafae1ea592488ce19fda98bedad1874ac8546a1dedbc6cdd38R188

The following is a simplified example of what the code should look like.

```javascript
  <ResponsiveElement
    responsiveTo="parent"
    defaultElement={listDisplay}
    medium={tableDisplay}
  />
```

With the base `ResponsiveElement` now set up, making the two displays versions of content is next.

> ## Creating the List version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replicating the Deprecated Terra Clinical Item Collection

### Creating the List version
```

> Start with a Terra `List` component and define two of its attributes. `dividerStyle` is used to determine if and where you want the border-color to be applied each of the children and can have the values 'none', 'standard', 'bottom-only'. `role` is only used if the children you have in `List` are selectable, and if they are is defined as 'listbox'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start with a Terra `List` component and define these two props: `dividerStyles` and `role`. `dividerStyle` is used to determine if and where you want the border-color to be applied to each of the children and can have the values 'none', 'standard', 'bottom-only'. `role` is only used if the children you have in `List` are selectable, and if they are, is defined as 'listbox'.
```

```javascript
  const listDisplay = (

>   <List dividerStyle='none' role='listbox'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <List dividerStyle="none" role="listbox">
```

    {children}
  </List>);
```

> Next we build the children that are going into this `<List>`. Each child should be wrapped in `terra-list`'s `<Item>` and as display in an `<ItemView>` from `terra-clinical-item-view`.

Reviewer: We should note a the top, this guide it to achieve the deprecated terra-clinical-item-collection. An ItemView wouldn't have to be used here to flip between a table and list view

Author: Addressed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/2f0433b8a6f6fb97139694a22a60e0ad1862bf40?file-filters%5B%5D=.jsx&file-filters%5B%5D=.mdx#diff-b887d62719eff551778a1fc191b08382c949a96aa056b14797bdcf836a34f062R33

```javascript
  var listChild = (
    <Item>
      <ItemView
        displays={React.Children.toArray(children)}
      />
    </Item>
  );
```

> The props listed in the code examples are the ones set in `terra-clinical-item-collection`, however there are plenty more to be set as needed listed in the `terra-list` documentation. A quirk to pay attention to is if `isSelectable` is used on `<Item>`, `tabIndex` should be added to the `<Item>` and set to `0`.

Reviewer: > The props listed in the code examples are the ones set in `terra-clinical-item-collection`

What do you mean exactly?

Author: I think I wrote that when I first was making the guide forever ago. When I was making a step-by-step recreation of item-collection. Some of the components have changed since then so I'll rewrite this section.

Author: Removed https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/2f0433b8a6f6fb97139694a22a60e0ad1862bf40?file-filters%5B%5D=.jsx&file-filters%5B%5D=.mdx#diff-b887d62719eff551778a1fc191b08382c949a96aa056b14797bdcf836a34f062L46

> import ResponsiveListandTableExample from '../example/ResponsiveListAndTableExample?dev-site-example';

Reviewer 2: maybe we should name this file `RecreatingItemCollection`? are we ok with this guide being a first level side nav item? it seems odd next to our general guides, such as `general guidelines`,  `installing components`, and `basic usage`. 

if anything, maybe we make this the last item. we could also create an upper level called `Recreating deprecated components`, and place this guide under there. thoughts?

Author: Renamed and reorganized here https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/pull/310/commits/d5f3de15100e9fcb4462f0fa847dc580aa673868#diff-f306b40c35b7837e14535b95656559fca5a16191b1c2d2c2d535b3e07e66705aL1
